Build changes + some content (#38)
fsprojects/fsharp-cheatsheet: README.md

An F# Cheatsheet in Markup and HTML formats

> - [View that cheatsheet online](https://fsprojects.github.io/fsharp-cheatsheet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [View the cheatsheet online](https://fsprojects.github.io/fsharp-cheatsheet)
```

- [Download the PDF](https://fsprojects.github.io/fsharp-cheatsheet/fsharp-cheatsheet.pdf)

## Contributing

The raw content of this cheatsheet can be edited at [fsharp-cheatsheet.md](docs/fsharp-cheatsheet.md).

> This resource was, is, and should remain a community effort. If you're learning F# and something important you didn't learn about isn't covered, you're the very best person to point that out and phrase it in a way that someone new can get running with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource was, is, and should remain a community effort. If you're learning F# and something you discovered was important wasn't covered, you're the very best person to point that out and phrase it in a way that someone new can get running with.
```
